So I'm gonna unhide just like
one possible solution here.
As you can see,
it does the things I centered one,
I have the other one stretch.
And I think that in this case they
vertically don't stretch, they
horizontally stretch, as if I had this one
kind of centered with either Flexbox or
margin auto, up here and then this one is
like a width of maybe 100 inside of a div
that's got its own margins or whatever.
But they don't grow in height
just like they wouldn't in
the browser unless I
did other crazy stuff.
I'm not going to go on a rant
about how height 100% and
CSS does not mean anything.
Does not do it with 100% dozen CSS, that's
not a talk that I'm gonna have right now.
But how would we implement this?
Okay, so let's put out everything the way
it was and go up to this top bar.
And we're gonna say that for left and
right, yeah, bound to that left and
right do the same for the bottom.
And I can also you can see I can,
click on stuff in here, but
like I don't have the skills to do that.
So let's see.
For here we'll say center, and for this
one, again, I kept it bound to the top.
This one is just for funsies.
I'm going to constrain it to the bottom,
and we'll have it scale.
I don't know what's gonna happen.
This one should grow left and right as I
go, but it should stick to the bottom.
Let's see, let's grab the frame by
holding command, getting in there.
Cool, so that works as expected.
The navbar was not constrained to
the bottom now, in this case so
let's go ahead and we'll say bottom.
So now it follows along the bottom like a
footer or something along those lines, but
it should stretch.
So yeah, if I made this.
If grabbed it and
I kind of placed it here and here,
it might be like the please accept
all cookies before continuing
banner that we all greatly enjoy
as we use the web as well,
but yeah, so those are constraints.
Again like a relatively simple concept
that if you didn't take the time to
explore can be maddening
cause you're like,
why is stuff not moving the way
that it would on the web and
the way that I want it to just
gotta tweak a few little things.
Yeah.
>> So
once you've gone through the trouble
setting up constraints, is there a quick,
easy way to say you wanna duplicate
the iPhone 1 and make like an iPad 1?
Do you just usually duplicate and
then drag it up big or
is there a quicker way to do that?
>> Yes-ish, right?
So you have stuff like components,
but usually the constraints- so
components which we'll get to in a second.
The great way think about is
like classes and instances.
You can have a nav bar and
then many instances of that nav bar and
then when you change it.
However, for
most things the constraints don't stick so
you still eventually have to for
each given setup.
Cause you might not always
want the same thing, right?
Like how you want it to behave
like an iPhone might be
different than on Chrome, right?
So generally speaking there is a way to
writ large do what you're asking him but
like with constraints, not all not
always today, like Transfer over, right?
So for a few cases you'll have
to kinda set it up yourself.
There will be some tricks that will
kind of show you how to do that and
it depends on very much a use case
specific thing cause, never doing it,
it's slightly annoying.
Always doing it would be really annoying,
right?
So it's a trade off.